[OSS] feat(cli): add initial peering cli commands (#14423)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/peering/index.mdx

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: Peering'
---

# Consul Peering

Command: `consul peering`

> The `peering` command provides management of cluster peering connections, including generating and
> consuming peering tokens.
> [Create and Manage Peerings Connections](/docs/connect/cluster-peering/create-manage-peering) provides an
> overview of the CLI workflow for cluster peering.
> This was added in Consul 1.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `peering` command to create and manage peering connections between Consul clusters, including token generation and consumption. Refer tp 
[Create and Manage Peerings Connections](/docs/connect/cluster-peering/create-manage-peering) for an
overview of the CLI workflow for cluster peering.
```
I don't think we need to include the version since we can control which version of the docs the information appears in.

Author: Cool! Using this suggestion to fix the "to" typo
```suggestion
Use the `peering` command to create and manage peering connections between Consul clusters, including token generation and consumption. Refer to 
[Create and Manage Peerings Connections](/docs/connect/cluster-peering/create-manage-peering) for an
overview of the CLI workflow for cluster peering.
```

## Usage

```text
Usage: consul peering <subcommand> [options]

  # ...

Subcommands:

    delete          Close and delete a peering connection
    establish       Consume a peering token and establish a connection with the accepting cluster
    generate-token  Generate a peering token for use by a dialing cluster

>     list            List peering connections of this cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    list            List the local cluster's peering connections
```
Not sure if the active voice is worth it in this spot -- I could go either way.

Author: Doesn't hurt!
